# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements_dev.in -o requirements_dev.txt
ansi2html==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   clearml
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via mkdocs-material
cairocffi==1.6.1
    # via cairosvg
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cairocffi
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
clearml==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
coverage==7.4.3
    # via pytest-cov
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via cairosvg
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via cairosvg
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via matplotlib
furl==2.1.3
    # via clearml
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==0.41.0
    # via mkdocstrings-python
idna==3.6
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via mike
importlib-resources==6.1.2
    # via mike
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via clearml
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.5.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   types-seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mike==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_docs.in
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-coverage
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_docs.in
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-coverage==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs-gen-files==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs-material==9.5.3
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_docs.in
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_docs.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements_docs.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clearml
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas-stubs
    #   types-seaborn
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   pytest
paginate==0.5.6
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas-stubs==2.2.0.240218
    # via types-seaborn
pathlib2==2.3.7.post1
    # via clearml
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cairosvg
    #   clearml
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs-material
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
psutil==5.9.8
    # via clearml
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via clearml
pymdown-extensions==10.7
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   clearml
    #   matplotlib
    #   mike
pytest==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   clearml
    #   ghp-import
    #   matplotlib
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   clearml
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   clearml
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   clearml
    #   mkdocs-material
rich==13.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   clearml
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   pathlib2
    #   python-dateutil
slack-bolt==1.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
slack-sdk==3.27.0
    # via slack-bolt
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via -r requirements.in
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240203
    # via pandas-stubs
types-seaborn==0.13.2.20240205
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
types-tqdm==4.66.0.20240106
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   clearml
    #   requests
verspec==0.1.0
    # via mike
watchdog==4.0.0
    # via mkdocs
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
